Some individuals search for years
before finding Kingdom truth.
Consider Mary Kennedy.
She came to the United States from Scotland
in the early 1900’s at the age of 18
and found work as a housekeeper.
She dreamed of becoming a missionary.
She found flaws in religion.
Still wanting to help others,
Mary began training in the medical field.
And in 1910, she graduated
from the Boston City Hospital
Training School for Nurses.
She continued to search for truth
but was disappointed by false doctrines
and the hypocrisy she found in many churches.
She kept reading her Bible
even though she thought
she was finished with religion.
While working
at the Pottenger’s Sanatorium in California,
she found
what she’d been looking for.
She came in contact
with a nurse and Bible Student
named Nellie Hanford.
One day,
Nellie shared with her
what the Bible says
about the condition of the dead.
Mary said that it was like
a telephone switchboard in her mind,
with one light after another turning on.
Instantly she knew she’d found the truth.
She abandoned all her ambitions in medicine
and began a lifelong career
as a full-time minister of the Bible.
Some, like Mary,
actively search for the truth.
Others find it
even though they weren’t looking for it.
My life revolved around volleyball
at the highest national level.
Training every day, traveling regularly,
and playing matches
meant that everything else
had to take second place.
I wasn’t really searching for the truth,
but my girlfriend started studying the Bible.
I thought,
‘I’d really like to know more about this.’
I discovered
that it’s just like a jigsaw puzzle,
where all the pieces fit neatly into place.
Daniel chapter 2 in particular intrigued me,
and I realized that it was important
to do more with what I was learning.
So I had to decide
between a temporary life in this world
or eternal life under God’s Kingdom.
I needed to make changes
in how I spent my time and in my priorities.
I was quite self-centered.
Right when I decided to stop,
I got a lucrative offer to play
with the defending champions for a year.
I could finally achieve all the things
I had been working hard for all those years:
recognition and a good income.
But I still decided to refuse their offer.
Before I came into the truth,
I thought I knew how to achieve success.
But Jehovah knows
the best way to succeed in life.
I’m very glad that I’m now able
to spend my time helping others,
and that’s what brings true happiness.
And now my wife and I
serve Jehovah full-time,
which is the best way you can use your life.
Jehovah drew both Mary and Björn
to the truth.
Both of them
focused on the value, not the cost,
of Kingdom truth.